# Durham Technical Community College

[About Durham Tech](https://www.durhamtech.edu/about-durham-tech)

Durham Tech is a growing institution in North Carolina, serving more than 18,000 students annually across seven campuses in Durham and Orange counties while also providing various online courses. The college is accredited and offers more than 90 associate degrees and certificates for students seeking university transfer or immediate employment. The College has opportunities for eligible North Carolina high school students, international students, veterans, and adults looking to complete their high school educations. Durham Tech programs include the arts, engineering, education, health technologies, information technology, public safety, and business administration. Non-credit (continuing education) courses include career enhancement in automotive, culinary arts, hospitality, and biotechnology; English as a second language; and personal enrichment opportunities such as gardening, health and wellness, and photography.

Durham Tech follows the open-door with guided placement admissions philosophy to provide all students an opportunity to acquire meaningful credentials and secure living-wage employment through education and training. 

Durham Tech is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, ADA, Section 504 Institution and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, or disability. In our classrooms and campus work areas, we believe in giving everyone the opportunity to succeed and we are committed to creating a climate that is safe and welcoming for all.